MINOR: Improve BigQuery Create Creds Docs (#16807)
open-metadata/OpenMetadata: openmetadata-docs/content/v1.4.x/connectors/database/bigquery/index.md

You need to create an service account in order to ingest metadata from bigquery refer [this](/connectors/database/bigquery/create-credentials) guide on how to create service account.

{% tilesContainer %}
{% tile
icon="manage_accounts"
title="Create Credentials"

> description="Checkout this documentation on how to create a custom role and assign it to the service account."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description="Check out this documentation on how to create a custom role and assign it to the service account."
```
